upgrade from v1.9 to v1.10 (#622)
karmada-io/website: docs/administrator/upgrading/v1.9-v1.10.md

---
title: v1.9 to v1.10
---

Follow the [Regular Upgrading Process](./README.md).

## Upgrading Notable Changes

### API Changes

> * Introduced `ServiceAnnotations` to the `Karmada` API to provide an extra set of annotations to annotate karmada apiserver services.
> * Add a short name `ric` for resourceinterpretercustomizations CRD resource.
> * Introduce a new API named `WorkloadRebalancer` to support rescheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce a new API named `WorkloadRebalancer` to support rescheduling.
* Introduced `ServiceAnnotations` to the `Karmada` API to provide an extra set of annotations to annotate karmada apiserver services.
* Add a short name `ric` for resourceinterpretercustomizations CRD resource.
```

### Deprecation

* The following labels have been deprecated from release `v1.8.0` and now have been removed:
    * `resourcebinding.karmada.io/uid`
    * `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/uid`
    * `work.karmada.io/uid`
    * `propagationpolicy.karmada.io/uid`
    * `clusterpropagationpolicy.karmada.io/uid`
* The following labels now have been deprecated and removed:
    * `resourcebinding.karmada.io/key` replaced by `resourcebinding.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/key` replaced by `clusterresourcebinding.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `work.karmada.io/namespace` replaced by `work.karmada.io/permanent-id`
    * `work.karmada.io/name` replaced by `work.karmada.io/permanent-id`
* `karmadactl`: The flag `--cluster-zone`, which was deprecated in release 1.7 and replaced by `--cluster-zones`, now has been removed.

### karmada-search

> * The feature APIPriorityAndFairness is locked to true, you should remove the flag `--feature-gates=APIPriorityAndFairness=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The feature APIPriorityAndFairness now has moved to GA, thus not allowed to be disabled by feature gates. 
You have to remove it from the `--feature-gates` flag.
```
